Sort of review WordPress for e-commerce
there are several different platforms built on WordPress for e-commerce WordPress e-commerce platform
support de-friend gaming gateways.
So people are as Dr. you can manage all of theirs or clients and you can configure shipping methods.
You can also say little products in all of them.
So there are some different platforms that you can use in wordpress.
The most popular and the one that we're using in this course is commerce pro-union really powerful core.
You see details on lots if you plan to sell music videos courses images.
This is a great solution that you can use and also use another one called Exchange.
And finally Bob Dolby e-commerce
creating WordPress online store is free baddish really come on.
You have to pay for a premium Lujan or a team to add some specific functionality or design into your
test or you will find some bones or brilliance for all these platforms.
Some of them are free while some others are premium.
Security is a key double check that the blooey in that you had to use in a secure and is up to date.
There are some plugins which goes to $150 and others that are free boat are doing the same.
But the main difference is the security and the updates.
Maybe you find a blue in that those Everything that you need is free but haven't been updated for three
years in the other hand you'll find a pro in that cause one hundred and fifty dollars.
Those are exactly what they're looking for and it's up to date.
Don in-style not Diem's or blue jeans.
You're risking your visitors information with this kind of proteins or teams.